README.md, before:

# Fitness4Life

Fitness4life is a website that advertises a multi-complex sports centre in the Brockley area of London. This is a high end sports facility offering a number of different activities including Tennis, Running, Football, Swimming and a state of the art Gym. Fitness4life gives keen sports advocates an opportunity to get an insight to each individual activity on offer and a breakdown of membership prices and sign up.

# Features

## Existing features

- **Navigation Bar**
    
    Featured at the top of the site across all three pages with responsive links to the Home, Activities and Signup.
    
    This will allow the user to easily navigate between pages and with each section being underlined they will be able to see which page they are using without any issues.
    
    ![Untitled](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/b33771ce-0920-4e05-b46d-54b521b9bb98/Untitled.png)
    
- **Homepage Image**
    
    An eye catching image of a person doing exercise in the complex with a text box in the corner to highlight the location and a short description of the business.
    
    ![Screenshot 2021-10-26 at 12.00.16.png](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/55f003d3-f9a8-4e4e-b80f-ae097e1c8da3/Screenshot_2021-10-26_at_12.00.16.png)
    
- **What do we offer**
    
    Short paragraph describing what the organisation has on offer and where exactly to find it. Google maps image to allow the user to see a pinpointed location on the map of where it is.
    
    ![Untitled](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/82b0c96b-713e-428f-9e94-d39b61bc609f/Untitled.png)
    
- **Footer**
    
    Footer section that has links to different social media sites for the organisation. When links are clicked they will open in a new tab.
    
    ![Untitled](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/2f4c1ffe-0c23-490d-812b-3afe9c76b520/Untitled.png)
    
- **Activities**
    
    Page provides a breakdown of each activity for the sport centre, each activity contains an image and a short description of the facilities and pricing.

Commit message:

UX and User story created

README.md, after:

# Fitness4Life

Fitness4life is a website that advertises a multi-complex sports centre in the Brockley area of London. This is a high end sports facility offering a number of different activities including Tennis, Running, Football, Swimming and a state of the art Gym. Fitness4life gives keen sports advocates an opportunity to get an insight to each individual activity on offer and a breakdown of membership prices and sign up.

# UX

The site is fresh and easy to navigate with simple but to the point information. Mostly users can find out information regarding the complex in general and also the activities that are on offer. Finally there is a contact form for the user to fill out should they have any queries about the sports centre.

## User Stories

- As a new user of this website, I want to easily see the purpose of the website and what it offers.
- As a new user of this website, I want to be able to easily see the services you offer.
- As a new user of this website, I want to be able to find out all the activities on offer easily.
- As a new user of this website, I want to be able to see what the complex looks like.
- As a new user of this website, I want to easily be able to contact you with any queries.
- As a new user of this website, I want to be able to visit your social media websites.

# Features

## Existing features

- **Navigation Bar**
    
    Featured at the top of the site across all three pages with responsive links to the Home, Activities and Signup.
    
    This will allow the user to easily navigate between pages and with each section being underlined they will be able to see which page they are using without any issues.
    
    ![Untitled](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/b33771ce-0920-4e05-b46d-54b521b9bb98/Untitled.png)
    
- **Homepage Image**
    
    An eye catching image of a person doing exercise in the complex with a text box in the corner to highlight the location and a short description of the business.
    
    ![Screenshot 2021-10-26 at 12.00.16.png](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/55f003d3-f9a8-4e4e-b80f-ae097e1c8da3/Screenshot_2021-10-26_at_12.00.16.png)
    
- **What do we offer**
    
    Short paragraph describing what the organisation has on offer and where exactly to find it. Google maps image to allow the user to see a pinpointed location on the map of where it is.
    
    ![Untitled](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/82b0c96b-713e-428f-9e94-d39b61bc609f/Untitled.png)
    
- **Footer**
    
    Footer section that has links to different social media sites for the organisation. When links are clicked they will open in a new tab.
    
    ![Untitled](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/2f4c1ffe-0c23-490d-812b-3afe9c76b520/Untitled.png)
    
- **Activities**
    
    Page provides a breakdown of each activity for the sport centre, each activity contains an image and a short description of the facilities and pricing.
